Do you want to come and see you off? No need.
You don't have to be so closed-minded to me, of course
There is no friendship between us
If it weren't for that thing
We idiots can't have any friendship, right?
I thought I always hated that thing too
Maybe it's because of the dialect that I
Since you are the murderer looking for dialects
I will definitely treat you well after I come in
time time error
I hope you can remember it for me
It's okay if you don't
It's because I saved you
Because you saved me
Then something like this happened again
I really hope you will remember me
let you not once
I don't need you if I don't owe you
It was a coincidence that the girls lost that year
I believe that anyone who wants to fight what happened back then
I will try my best to save you
You don't have to do it because of this
Hurry up and please me
Are you still blaming me?
Believe me I really like your discovery
Do you know what liking is?
You just hurry up
I knew you back then
That's not like it at all
Found that I don't need you
I can’t be grateful
And I don't have any feelings for you
Is it also for the story?